Rolling
Deep, deep, clairvoyance, sliced of drum
I'm the heart
I'm the spirit
I'm sure neither
Can you go alone
Shall you go with her?
I know what this name will end up
But in the day before
She lived down the street for my friend Neil
My other home girl
We all got the same I do
In the night of this world
Neil wasn't with me
And when the man named Ray
And he would have done it
No, he said I'm sorry
Baby
But he never ever
Called in the heart
Had a plan
A plan to get out of the street
But she said
You can't be my man
Until you get it on the street
He said
Why?
She said
This
I know you got
Ray
It's mad, lame, lean up
Lain was a bug
I knew a man ain't vanilla
He never got no love
He lived down the street from my home girl
He was really, really cool
Flannel was a dog he was torn
But then lean a fell in love with his bitch name
He never, never was bad
If a lander got a plan to take her
But she was already leaner
Then leaner had a plan
A plan to get out of the hood and he said
Heather
You can be my woman if you get it on the side
Stop, stop, stop
Wasted by my oldала
Lain is a dog
He never knew he had a plan
A plan to get out of the hood and he said
Lain is a dog
Lain was a bug
She died If a lander got no love
Another one was not the one
I will be glad for you
It's a bad part